[release-12.4.3] Docs: Add panel description formatting information (#121585)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/panels-visualizations/configure-panel-options/index.md

| Transparent background                       | Toggle this switch on and off to control whether or not the panel has the same background color as the dashboard. | Add [links to the panel](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/visualizations/dashboards/build-dashboards/manage-dashboard-links/#panel-links) to create shortcuts to other dashboards, panels, and external websites. Access panel links by clicking the icon next to the panel title. |
| Repeat options                               | Set whether to repeat the panel for each value in the selected variable. For more information, refer to [Configure repeating panels](#configure-repeating-panels).|

> | Panel links            | Add [links to the panel](ref:links-to-the-panel) to create shortcuts to other dashboards, panels, and external websites. Access panel links by clicking the icon next to the panel title.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Author: ```suggestion
| Transparent background                       | Toggle this switch on and off to control whether or not the panel has the same background color as the dashboard. | 
| Panel links            | Add [links to the panel](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/visualizations/dashboards/build-dashboards/manage-dashboard-links/#panel-links) to create shortcuts to other dashboards, panels, and external websites. Access panel links by clicking the icon next to the panel title. |  
```
